I ask God every day
for his mercy.
Gun!
Because I have none!
Oh, my God.
A little help...
Jerry's been shot!
Lou, get an ambulance,
right now!
Yeah, this is
Captain Lou Grover.
We need EMT assistance
right now, dammit!
Jerry?
It hurts more
than I thought it would.
You're gonna be okay,
all right? You keep breathing,
you understand me?
Hang in there. You hear me?
Hang in there, Jerry, all right?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
A-3.
Okay. Well, there goes
a part of my fleet, you just
sunk my carrier, man.
You're cheating, huh?
Can you see my board?
When I close my eyes, yes.
See that, that's kind
of creepy, Jer.
Look, all it takes is deploying
your probably density function,
which takes into account
the different ways
that the ships
can be arranged on the board.
Look at you, man, you're already
sounding like your old self.
Y-You'll be ready to get
out of here in no time, buddy.
Yeah. I mean, don't want
to rush anything.
You know, wouldn't want
to give Five-O
less than 100%.
Everything okay?
Getting shot's
not like in the movies.
Your life doesn't flash
before your eyes.
When I was lying there,
all I could think about
was how I was letting
Taylor and Moku down, and
they'd never get a chance
to defeat the orc army
and take on the Fire Giant.
What?
Taylor and Moku are my
Dungeons & Dragons buddies.
We were in the middle
of a pretty intense campaign
when I got shot.
Gotcha.
Anyway,
it got me thinking.
I mean, if that's
what's crossing my mind when
I'm staring death in the face...
maybe I haven't lived enough.
Hello, boys.
Stunned silence. I should
dress like this more often.
Yeah, you should.
You look amazing.
Thanks. So do you,
Jer, by the way.
Aw, this old thing?
Yeah.
Oh, Joons, Joons, Joons,
rookie mistake,
putting all your ships
at the edges.
Everyone's an
expert, huh?
Well, I'm happy to give you
tips, but we got to go.
The opera starts in 30.
I didn't know you two
were into opera.
I'm not.
Joons is actually
the opera lover.
No, blame my dad.
I actually got
the tickets for him
and my mom, but he
didn't want to go.
Well, I, for one,
am really excited to go.
I have been all day, actually.
Really?
Yes, really.
I mean, I slept
really badly
last night, so
I'm looking forward
to a solid three
hours of nap time.
I heard the seats
are very plush.
All right,
buddy.
Rematch tomorrow.
Aye, aye, Admiral.
My fleet and I will be waiting.
Bye, Jer.
This all looks really good.
Yes, it does.
It-it certainly does.
What are you thinking?
I don't know. Nothing.
Well, uh, actually,
I'm-- I've been thinking about
this friend of mine,
this thing that happened at work
to a friend of mine.
He's a colleague as well,
but he's a friend,
and... he kind of got shot.
Um... I meant, well, he didn't--
I say he kind of got shot,
he got shot.
Oh, my God.
He's okay.
He's gonna be okay.
It's just crazy,
you know?
Things that happen at work.
Yeah... I'm glad
everyone's okay.
Thank you.
I was really asking what you
were thinking about
ordering for dinner.
But thank you for
sharing that with me.
No problem. I'm, uh-- uh--
Aw.
You know
something, Brooke?
I got to deal
with this. Okay?
Yeah.
I think it's best.
Yeah. It's best.
Thank you.
Yes?
Hi. How's it going with Brooke?
Dude. I don't know.
I mean...
I guess we're not off
to the best start.
What do you mean? No.
I told you
she just got divorced,
what's the matter with you?
What'd you do?
I didn't do anything.
We're just--
We're talking, is all.
That's helpful. That's good.
What did you say wrong?
I don't know.
I-- Words are kind of, just,
they're falling out of my mouth,
I don't know why.
Do you have any game
at all?
What's the matter with you?
Guess what?
This isn't helping, all right?
You calling every five minutes.
You're breaking my rhythm.
Oh. I'm sorry. Your-your rhythm?
Yes.
My rhythm, my flow, okay?
You've called twice,
we haven't even ordered.
Hey, if you'd answer my texts,
I don't have to call. See?
Okay, listen, Danny?
You need to ease off
a little bit.
All right? Just-just
let me do my thing.
I'm just a little rusty.
I can't let you do your thing.
Your thing is awkward,
and it makes people
uncomfortable,
and you mess things up.
And do me a favor.
Please don't make this weird
for me, okay?
I got to see this woman
every time I drop Charlie off
at school.
Yeah, okay. All right.
I actually just figured out
something
that's gonna help
this situation.
Oh, yeah? What's that?
Hello?
Hey, I'm so sorry
about that.
That's not gonna
happen again.
That's fine.
That was Danny.
Who I love.
Very much.
Um... but sometimes
he's a little intense.
Oh. Sounds like my ex.
You know, it's funny
you say that.
'Cause it's kind of like
a marriage, me and him.
It's kind of like a very
dysfunctional marriage.
Well, you know what they say
about marriage.
No, I don't.
It's just a friendship
recognized by the police.
I like that.
Thank you.
That's good.
Let's drink to that.
Cheers.
Can we reset...
Mm-hmm.
...and order and
be humans?
Yeah.
Yes. Let's start over.
Okay, good.
Figured you'd be
asleep by now.
:
I know. You and me both.
But, like, the music's
actually beautiful,
and the costumes are amazing,
and you know,
I love that I have no idea
what they're singing about.
Honey, are you okay?
Oh, my God.
Ma'am, what's going on?
Joons, check out
your two o'clock box seats.
Something's wrong.
Hey, Five-O!
Stop right there!
Let me see
your hands! Gun!
Yeah, I think he took
the stairwell.
Hey, you got eyes on him?
I'm security.
What's going on?
Hey. Lock this place down.
No one goes in or out!
Hey, uh, I'm sorry to
pull you away from your date,
even though you were
blowing it, you know?
Blowing it?
Yeah.
If by "blowing it",
you mean I got a second date,
then, yeah, I guess
I was blowing it.
You got a second date?
Let's go, what do we know?
Victim's name is Billy Sato.
He's the head of the Triads.
He was shot in his seat by what
appears to be a long-range
rifle.
And the shooter disappeared
into that stairwell
over there,
and security locked
the place down right away.
All right, Tani, Junior,
you guys are on crowd control,
all right? We're gonna
break up into groups of two,
comb through this theater
inch by inch
till we find this guy.
Danny.
I got movement.
Contact!
That's great, he got away.
You know what,
you're being ridiculous.
I'm just saying,
ten years ago
I made the jump.
you would have made
that jump.
No, your fingertips
made the jump.
The rest of your body,
not so much. You're 40.
Jumping off of buildings
is a young man's game.
How about next time
you get in the game?
A little less chatting,
a little more chasing.
Now you're being ridiculous.
Hey, what do you got?
Well, for starters,
this composite
of our shooter based on
eyewitness descriptions
and the limited
CCTV footage we had.
It's been sent to every
law enforcement agency
on the island.
We also ID'd the getaway car.
It was reported stolen
yesterday afternoon.
Big surprise.
Grover's following up
with the owner. Also,
Tani and Junior are checking in
with local clinics and ERs,
seeing if anyone matching
our suspect's description
has been treated
for a GSW.
Okay, good. What about
the crime scene?
I assume we got the report
back from CSU.
Yeah, they recovered
the shooter's rifle.
They also found
this shell casing
up in the catwalk
over the auditorium.
That rifle configuration
with the detachable barrel,
that's pretty rare.
but I've seen SOF guys
use something like that
in the past.
Well, it's starting to sound
like our shooter
might be military-trained.
Right.
Okay, so we're either
looking for a soldier
that's got a personal beef
with Sato,
or, more likely,
this was a paid hit.
Look, I can think of a lot
of rivals who would want
to take out the head
of the Triads,
but they're all
more than capable
of handling something
like this
in-house.
All right, Adam,
why don't you reach out
to your contacts,
see if anybody's talking?
In the meantime,
let's get this composite out
to all the military
facilities
and veterans organizations
on the island,
see if anybody
recognizes our hitter.
On it.
Now, you're telling me
someone used my car
to commit a murder?
Well, the car was just
a getaway vehicle.
The actual murder was
committed with a gun.
A sniper rifle, actually.
My God, the opera house
shooting.
I read about that.
Mm-hmm.
Do you have any cameras
at the work site
where the car was stolen?
Afraid not.
I mean, we're still just
laying the foundation.
Hmm. I don't suppose you have
a vehicle recovery system
for the car.
Seeing as how you didn't
list one on the police report.
Correct. I wish
I could be more helpful.
Eh, don't sweat it.
This is the job.
We have to follow every lead.
To tell you the truth,
most of 'em don't even pan out.
But thank you so much
for your time, Mr. Cullen.
Of course. If there's anything
else I can do for you,
let me know, please.
All right.
Um, you know, actually,
there might be.
It's unrelated
to this stuff.
But, um... you wouldn't happen
to have any apartment units
in your real estate portfolio,
close to town,
that I won't have to
sell my plasma to make rent on?
See, my wife and I
are thinking of downsizing.
Both the kids are
out of the house, so...
I'll have one of my leasing
agents contact you directly,
make sure you're
taken care of.
My man.
Listen, I don't want
to put you out.
Not at all.
I'm a strong advocate
for giving back to
the law enforcement community.
It would be my pleasure.
Thank you very much.
I apprecia...
Wait, pardon me one second.
Well, this day is
looking up.
You're gonna get me
that apartment,
and my team just found your car.
Boss, got something
you need to see.
One of the places
our composite went out to
was a Veterans of Foreign
Wars bar on the island.
Please tell me that somebody
recognized our shooter
from that.
Afraid not, but here's
what did happen.
Two days ago, a woman
came into the bar
looking for a guy.
She left a photo
with the bar owner
in case they ever
showed up there.
Check this out.
That's him.
That's our shooter.
But wait a minute.
Who the hell is this woman
looking for our suspect
two days before he kills
Billy Sato?
I can't tell you.
She didn't leave a name
with the bar owner,
just a number;
I ran it, but it's a burner.
All right, we gotta run
a trace on that phone right now
and find this woman.
Guys, I got her.
Black SUV.
She's on Kahala,
heading towards Diamond Head.
Oh, hey, hey, hey!
Drop the weapon.
You drop yours.
I'm not gonna ask you twice.
Is that a threat?
Because I don't
do well with threats.
Put the weapon down.
I thought you said you weren't
gonna ask me again.
I have
full authority
from the governor of Hawaii
to pull this trigger
if you don't comply.
Who are you, James Bond?
No.
I'm Lieutenant Commander
Steve McGarrett
of the Five-O Task Force.
Sergeant Quinn Liu.
Military police.
Military police?
Why aren't you wearing
a uniform?
Because, actually, I'm with CID.
Okay, well, it'd be
helpful to us if you'd just
pick a story and stick with it.
My current rank is
none of your concern.
Fair enough.
Ah.
Where are your credentials?
That's funny, I was about
to ask for yours.
Mine are right here
on my belt.
Oh, I'm sorry,
I can't see that.
Can you throw that
a little further?
Danny, I'm gonna shoot
this woman.
Look, okay, here's
the thing, all right?
Okay, by the way, this is
horrible déjà vu I am having.
If you're gonna shoot anybody,
shoot him, please.
Okay? Here's what
we're gonna do.
I'm gonna put my gun away,
like this.
All right,
on the count of three,
you're both gonna
put your guns away.
All right? And we'll talk
like, uh, like people do.
All right? One... two...
three.
Okay.
Thank you.
Why are you following me?
It seems we're both looking
for the same person.
Are we, now?
Yeah.
That photo you left
at the VFW bar.
You left a number with it.
We traced that.
Yeah, speaking of which,
you're military police?
What are you doing
using a burner phone
to conduct your business?
Yeah, this has been fun,
gentlemen, but
if we're done with
the roadside interrogation,
I'm gonna go.
We're not done.
Who's this?
You know this man?
He's a veteran I booked
for assault charges
a few months ago.
He's supposed to be
checking in with me
as a condition of
getting his charges dropped,
but he went MIA
a couple days ago.
What's his name?
Tom Kendall.
Former Army Ranger.
I'll have Grover
update the APB.
Thank you.
APB?
What the hell's going on?
Tom Kendall is
a primary suspect
in a murder investigation
we're on.
What? What's that look?
Tom is the second veteran
to go MIA recently.
I was getting concerned
it was a pattern.
What are you talking
about, a pattern?
Hold on.
Yeah, Tani, what do you got?
Hey, our sniper had an
accomplice drive him
to Wahiawa General.
His car is abandoned
in the parking lot
outside the ER.
Okay, so,
he must have gone there
to get treatment, yeah?
Not quite.
There's a blood trail
leading to a parking spot
of a Dr. Gao.
And we checked in
with the hospital.
Gao never showed up
for his shift today.
Well, they grabbed him, right?
They grabbed a doctor
to... to take away
and patch up the injured sniper?
Yeah, but the good news is
the doctor's car
was fitted with a
vehicle recovery system,
so units are en route
as we speak.
All right, keep me posted.
Keep your hand off that gun.
Let's go!
What, seriously?
After all that,
you're just gonna leave?
Yeah, I just--
I gotta follow him.
Where are you going?
I don't know.
On your knees.
Hands behind your head.
Perimeter's set.
We're good to move in.
Affirmative.
On me.
Hands, hands, hands, up.
Hands up. Right there.
Don't move.
I didn't do anything.
He just shot himself.
Clear, sir. Both sides clear.
Hey, Danny, check this out.
Kendall's burner.
ME found it on his body.
Look at the texts
that he sent.
"911. Need extraction."
He sent that at 8:37
last night,
right after he shot Sato.
Okay, so there's
definitely an accomplice.
That explains
the getaway car,
but the only problem is
I just spoke to that doctor.
He told me that Kendall
stuck him up by himself.
He was alone.
So where's the accomplice now?
I don't know.
I'm gonna have Tani run
a trace on this number.
Or...
Or what?
What are you doing?
You're texting the guy?
Yeah.
Why would you do that?
That-That's a terrible idea.
What if he gets spooked
and he dumps the phone?
Then what do we got?
You sent it.
What if it works?
What if it doesn't work?
It might work.
It might not work.
It's like a 50/50.
Yeah, well, so you like--
Hey, what did I tell you?
Look at that.
Unbelievable.
"Schedule stays the same.
We proceed with
remaining targets."
Okay, so they got
more hits planned.
All right.
Danny, check it out.
Sergeant Liu said
Kendall was one of two vets
who went MIA recently,
which means she knows
who the other one is.
Maybe she can get
a locale on that guy.
I'll call her right now.
All right.
Thank you for
brokering this meeting.
I know without you
vouching for me,
none of these men
would be here.
I only agreed
to help you because
of your relationship
with my daughter.
I understand you
and my Tamiko
have been spending quite
a lot of time together.
So I must ask,
what are your intentions?
Tamiko and I have become
close friends.
I-I assure you
that's all she is.
This is Adam Noshimuri
with the Five-O Task Force.
You will answer
his questions.
Gentlemen, thank you
for meeting with me.
To be clear,
I don't believe any of you
were directly involved
in the hit last night.
Now, that said,
if anyone knows
who would benefit
from Billy Sato's death,
it's the people in this room.
No one stood to gain
from taking out Sato.
At least no one
within the yakuza.
Okay, so maybe
this was internal.
Part of a power play
within the Triad organization.
I know people
inside the Triads.
They're certain
it wasn't one of their own.
So, if it
wasn't a rival,
and the hit
wasn't ordered from within,
then who does that leave?
Who is it?
Open it.
Where is he? Where's your boss?
Hey. You can't
go in there.
Sgt. Quinn Liu, military police.
I'm gonna need you
to come with me.
Unless you have a
warrant for my arrest,
that's not gonna happen.
Thought so.
Whoa...
Just so we're clear,
the only way I'm leaving here
is with you.
Okay, let's all
just take a breath.
Hey, easy, easy.
I don't recall
asking you to speak.
Okay, listen,
I'm gonna reach for
my credentials now,
and I promise you I'm unarmed.
Adam Noshimuri, Five-O.
Lower your weapon.
Everybody lower their weapon.
Figures.
You guys have been all up
in my business today.
Would you mind telling me
what you're doing here?
I'm trying to track down two
veterans who have gone missing.
One of them,
a retired Army Ranger
by the name of Tom Kendall
appears to have been involved
in the shooting last night.
And now it's looking
like the second one
may be wrapped up in it as well.
And what does
any of this have to do
with me?
Not much, really.
Except that
he's a trained sniper
and I just stopped by
his apartment and found these.
Reconnaissance photos of you.
Don't let us stand in your way.
Hey. This is kind of a bad time.
Yo, Adam, McGarrett and Danny
just discovered
text communications
between Tom Kendall and someone
who could be his coconspirator,
a vet named Marcus Sanders.
Also, it looks like they could
be planning multiple hits.
The good news is that we got an
active trace on Sanders' cell.
Units are headed over now
to pick him up.
Where is he right now?
Kahala beach. Why?
Adam, what's going on?
Everybody get away
from the windows, now!
Let's go. Come on,
come on, come on.
Listen to me,
we can't wait this one out.
Sanders is Special Forces, which
means one way or the other,
he is getting in here.
I wouldn't be so sure.
My men have him outnumbered.
Yeah. For now.
Let's move.
You all right?
Yeah.
Move and take Masuda.
Go.
We got to get you out of here.
Steve,
suspect's on the move.
He's in a beige GMC
with raised tires.
Heading northbound on Kuhio.
Copy that.
This is good,
we're chasing a monster truck.
That's totally
normal, right?
Let's go, let's go, let's go.
Definitely don't
see that every day.
Oh, good.
You two have met.
Yeah, Adam brought her in.
He's with Grover in rendition
right now with Masuda.
Yeah, Steve just joined them.
Hey, you should, uh,
get that looked at by a doctor.
That's what I said.
I don't need a doctor.
What I need is answers.
What I need
is to figure out how
two vets got caught up
in an organized crime gang war.
Are-are you sure
you're not related to Steve
in any way?
Hey, yo.
Yo.
Hey. Whoa, uh,
you should get that
checked out.
Seriously? It's
just a graze.
You guys are
such wimps.
No...
Okay.
Uh, so, uh, autopsy results
came back on our sniper,
Tom Kendall,
and his blood
work contained
trace levels of psilocybin.
It's-it's a psychedelic
compound found
in magic mushrooms.
Yeah, I know
what it is.
Uh, just seems like a weird time
to take mushrooms, no?
Hold on.
Psilocybin is being used
in a clinical trial
to treat post-traumatic stress.
I know that
because Marcus Sanders
is a participant in a study
that's being conducted
down at the VA hospital.
Well, if that's
the case,
then maybe Kendall was also
a participant in that study.
And the fact that both
of them had that in common,
that can't be a coincidence.
Yeah, I agree.
Someone is recruiting snipers
from within that study.
Yeah, that actually
makes a lot of sense
if you think about it, because
you have this large sample group
of these highly-skilled vets,
all suffering from
post-traumatic stress.
They're struggling
to reintegrate
into civilian life...
And then
someone comes along
and offers them an opportunity
to repurpose their skills.
That's pretty tempting.
Okay. Why-why don't you have,
uh, Jerry look into that study,
see who has access
to those records
or if there was
a data breach?
Okay.
Hey, yo.
Guys. Whoa, whoa, whoa.
You shot?
It's fine.
You sure?
Yeah.
Did you get something
from Masuda?
Yeah, we did.
Let me see that.
It doesn't look fine.
It's better
than my last one.
Okay, look, this whole time,
we were thinking
this was all about
organized crime.
In fact, it turns out
it was personal.
Back in
the early '90s,
before they were
up-and-comers
in their respective crime
syndicates, Sato and Masuda
worked as enforcers for a local
loan shark named Isko Zhang.
A third man, Michael Lee,
was part of the crew as well,
serving as
the point person responsible
for brokering
Zhang's loans.
As enforcers
for this loan shark,
Masuda and Sato were in the
business of collecting debts
by any means necessary,
whether it be
bodily harm, breaking bones
or worse.
Well, it makes sense to believe
that there's some people
out there that want
some payback.
True.
Uh, yeah. Well, here's
what doesn't make sense,
is the timing of it all.
These guys haven't worked
together in decades.
Why are they choosing now
to get revenge?
Check this out.
The loan shark, Isko Zhang,
is still alive
and living on Oahu,
but the other guy who was part
of that crew, Michael Lee,
he was killed
two weeks ago.
His body was found beaten
and tortured just a few days
after being released from
a federal prison in Arizona.
He had just served
a 15-year sentence.
Someone who borrowed
money from this crew
back in the day wants revenge,
but Lee is the face
of the operation, so they only
know about his involvement.
But he's in jail,
so they wait for him to get out,
grab him, torture him till he
gives up his accomplices.
Sato and Masuda,
who are both targeted
for assassination
within 24 hours.
Hang on a second.
That text message
that Sanders sent,
it said "proceed with all
remaining targets," plural.
We know Masuda
was one of them.
And given that Sato and Lee
were already dead,
that only leaves one person.
The loan shark.
Isko Zhang.
Details are just now emerging
about the police pursuit
through Waikiki this afternoon
that resulted in dozens
of damaged vehicles.
We have just learned that
the suspect is still at large
and is wanted in connection with
the assassination of Billy Sato
and the attempted murder
of Hajime Masuda.
Can't this thing go any faster?
What?
Nothing.
I've just never had
that complaint before.
Isko Zhang, Five-O!
On me.
Drop your weapon.
Don't do it, Marcus.
Look, I-I-I know this
doesn't make it any easier,
but he didn't exactly
give you much choice.
You're right.
Doesn't make it any easier.
I'm supposed to be
watching out
for these guys, making sure they
don't fall through the cracks,
and now they're both dead.
Yeah, but why
are they dead?
I'll tell you why
they're dead, all right?
They're dead because
they agreed to take part
in a murder
for hire plot, Quinn.
How is that your fault?
Yeah, Jerry?
I took a deep dive
into that post-traumatic
stress study
that Marcus Sanders
and Tom Kendall
were participants in.
Couldn't find any evidence
of a data breach,
but I dug deeper and I came up
with a list of everyone
that had access
to the confidential records.
I bet that's
a long list.
43 names,
but one of the names turned up
in your investigation already.
Who's that?
So what I was trying to say
when the...
Pardon me, Judge,
I hate to interrupt
this beautiful
culinary experience.
Uh, Captain Grover,
is there a problem?
Oh, no, no, no. We're all good.
Nothing for you
to be concerned about.
I just need to have a word
with my good friend, Mr. Cullen.
Hey.
I assume this is
about my stolen car?
Yeah, well,
that and some other things.
Mr. Cullen, this is
my colleague, Steve McGarrett,
and this is Sergeant Quinn Liu
with CID.
Pleasure to meet you both.
What is this all about?
Well, we looked into you,
Mr. Cullen, and it turns out,
back in the early '90s,
when you were starting up
your real estate business,
you were over-leveraged
and in need of fast cash,
so you borrowed money
from Michael Lee,
not knowing that he was just
the front man for Isko Zhang.
Which was a shame
because Zhang was
an old-school loan shark.
I mean, this is a guy who'd
rather break both your legs
than to see you even come up
a dollar short on payment.
And, unfortunately
for you,
the real estate market tanked
and then you went belly-up.
And Zhang
must've figured
that loan was never
gonna get repaid
because a few months later
your Mercedes exploded
outside of your house.
Yeah, uh,
we-we read the police report.
You were supposed to be
in that car that day,
but, uh, unfortunately,
for some reason,
your wife decided to drive
your daughter to school, right?
They were both killed
in the explosion.
Is there a point to all this,
or you just come here
to interrupt my dinner
and upset me?
The point is, sir,
that not only did you
make it through
that period of your life,
you've kind of
recreated yourself,
become this big success, yeah?
But you were
doing something else
during that time period,
weren't you?
You were planning,
waiting for the chance
to get revenge.
And that opportunity finally
came up when Michael Lee
was released from prison
15 years later.
See, that
makes sense to me
because what you have done
recently is use your connections
to the post-traumatic stress
study that you-you financed
to recruit a couple
of military-trained hitters.
You turned them
loose onto Lee
to torture him and get the names
of the accomplices.
And don't forget
he ordered them
to kill all--
You remember,
you ordered them
to kill all four guys.
I was sorry to hear
that two brave servicemen
lost their lives,
but the other victims,
Sato and Lee...
people of Hawaii aren't gonna be
mourning them any time soon.
As far as this theory
that I hired them
to do what they did?
That's all it is. It's a theory.
But here's the thing,
I'm gonna bet on that theory.
So my friend Lou here,
he's gonna put some handcuffs on
and then take you away.
Turn your ass around.
Wes Cullen,
you are under arrest
for conspiracy
to commit murder.
Big fella.
O.G.
What's good, baby?
All set for Jerry's
welcome back party?
Yes, sir.
All right.
And since the guest of honor
is not here yet,
it's a good time to broach
the subject of the bill.
Okay, wh-what about
the bill?
Oh, it's just that nobody likes
to see a good celebration marred
by that awkward moment
when the bill
is placed on the table.
So which one of you nice fellas
want to pick up the tab today?
What in the hell
is the matter with you?
Everyone,
including you,
is supposed to contribute
to the cost of this thing.
Jerry is your friend,
too, man. Damn.
No doubt. That's why
I graciously extended
a 5% discount on all menu items,
beer and wine excluded,
of course.
Of course. 5%, that's very
gracious, nice.
Hey, Jerry's
'ohana, brah.
It's the least I can do.
Oh, you doing the least,
all right.
So with a party of six or more,
we usually add on
an 18% gratuity to the bill.
Are you guys good with that,
or you guys like add on
a little bit more?
Wow.
Nice Bonnie.
Thanks.
What year is that?
'72.
Look, I just wanted to come by
and say thank you.
I heard you called
my former supervisor at CID
and put in a good word for me.
Ah.
Not that I think it's gonna
make a difference.
You are not that guy's favorite
person, you know that, right?
Yeah, the feeling is mutual.
I got to admit, I was kind of,
uh, curious as to how
a staff sergeant in CID
can get knocked all the way down
to military police.
And it's crazy, it turns out
all you got to do is
break into
a barracks,
disregard
direct orders,
and forge a sergeant major's
signature. That's it.
Closed the case, didn't I?
Yeah, you did.
Uh, look, I'm sure
you already heard,
but the prosecuting attorney
isn't gonna be
charging Cullen.
Doesn't feel like he has enough
evidence for a conviction,
which means it's gonna be
up to us to make that case.
Us?
Yeah, us. I got to do
everything I can
to bring Cullen to justice,
and it's your case, too,
so, I mean, I think
you should be involved.
I hope you want
to be involved.
I do.
Good.
Thank you.
That actually means
a lot to me.
Of course. Listen,
you've come all this way,
why don't you, uh,
why don't you stick around?
Come-- come on.
Hey! Sergeant Liu.
So nice of you to join us.
Please, call me Quinn.
So, uh, girl's got to eat.
What's good here?
It's all, uh, you know,
it's just shrimp
and garlic, some variation
of shrimp and garlic.
So check it out. You'll see.
You guys want anything?
No.
No, thank you very much.
Let me ask you a question,
what did you do?
No, not with her,
with Brooke.
What are you
talking about?
Well, I texted her to see
if she was looking forward
to your second date.
No reply,
so I assume
you screwed things up.
Didn't screw it up.
We're going on a second date.
It's all good,
except, uh,
you don't know about it 'cause
we're breaking up
with you, Danny.
Breaking up with me?
What does that mean?
What it means
is there's
not gonna be any more
phone calls, no more texts.
Nah, don't look at him. No more
texts, no more pestering us
about the nature
of our relationship.
You are now officially
on radio silence.
Oh. Cut me out.
You can't cut me out.
I c-can,
and I did, and I have.
It was her idea.
How about that? Her idea.
Looks like Mom and Dad
are fighting again.
Hey, Jerry!
Jerry, my man.
Welcome back, baby.
Wow. Hey, everybody.
Thanks for making it out.
I'm grateful for the support.
Well, we're really grateful
to have you back, man, so,
you know, you just do what
you need to do, rest up,
take as long as you need,
and-and come back to work
whenever you're ready,
all right?
Yeah.
About that...
Jer, what's going on?
Look, joining Five-O
is the best thing
that's ever happened to me.
Not just because it gave me
a job and a sense of purpose,
but, well,
'cause it gave me an 'ohana.
But having a close
brush with death
really makes you think about
how you're living your life.
And you realize
how precious time is.
There's something
I've always wanted to do,
and I've always pushed it aside,
figuring I'd get around to it
someday.
Which is why I've decided
to step away from the team,
so I can focus
on the next chapter.
Which is?
I want to write a book.
I've been researching it
for years.
It's about the connection
between the Federal Reserve
and the sinking
of the Titanic.
Makes perfect sense.
Jerry,
I hope it's a huge success.
Thanks.
Hey, why the
glum faces?
I'll still be around to hang.
And, I don't know,
maybe consult on a case,
should the need arise,
or from time to time.
Okay, I got
a bunch of witnesses.
I'm gonna take you up on that,
Jerry, okay? Just so you know.
Look at that,
you're making me cry.
No, you made yourself cry.
You know what, buddy?
I'm gonna miss
having you around,
I'll tell you that for sure.
Okay. All right.
Come on, everybody,
group hug.
Bring it in.
You too, new girl.
There's plenty of room.
Aw, come on.
No, I'm-I'm all right.
Ah, come on!
Come on, come on, please.
New girl,
new girl, new girl.
What the hell?
Ah.
I'm gonna miss
your crazy,
conspiratorial ass.
This is definitely cozy.
Jerry's office is
going to be available now.
You're a good hugger, Jer.
I love you guys.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org